Rebuild packages only when what is going to be installed can change (#5118)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

  * `OpamFile.Config`: order list of installed switches according their last use, update `with_switch` accordingly, and add `previous_switch` [#4910 @AltGr]
  * Change ``Fetch` action to take several packages, in order to handle shared fetching of packages [#4893 @rjbou]
  * `OpamFile.OPAM.to_string_with_preserved_format`: handle substring errors [#4941 @rjbou - fix #4936]

>   * [API] `OpamFile.OPAM.effective_part` and `OpamFile.OPAM.effectively_equal` now take an optional `?modulo_state:bool` parameter, that if `true`, eliminates the fields relying on the state of the switch (depends, available, …). This is `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `OpamFile.OPAM.effective_part` and `OpamFile.OPAM.effectively_equal` now take an optional `?modulo_state:bool` parameter, that if `true`, eliminates the fields relying on the state of the switch (depends, available, …). This is `false` by default. [#5118 @kit-ty-kate]
```
